Update Quality Declaration (#23)
ros2/libyaml_vendor: libyaml_q_declaration.md

### Public API Documentation [3.ii]

> Yes, doxygen documentation is available for library [.h headers]([yaml.h](https://github.com/yaml/libyaml/blob/master/include/).

Reviewer: This link is malformed.

How about linking to their rendered documentation?

https://libyaml.docsforge.com/master/

## Platform Support [6]

This library does not state support for any specific platform, but it is built in the ROS 2 buildfarm for all tier 1 platforms:

Currently nightly results can be seen here:
* [linux-aarch64_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux-aarch64_release/lastBuild/testReport/libyaml_vendor/)
* [linux_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_linux_release/lastBuild/testReport/libyaml_vendor/)
* [mac_osx_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_osx_release/lastBuild/testReport/libyaml_vendor/)
* [windows_release](https://ci.ros2.org/view/nightly/job/nightly_win_rel/lastBuild/testReport/libyaml_vendor/)

## Security [7]

### Vulnerability Disclosure Policy [7.i]

> This package does not yet have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy. But it's defined in the vendored Quality Declaration.

Reviewer: How about

```suggestion
The `libyaml` library does not have a Vulnerability Disclosure Policy. But for ROS 2's purposes, see the policy defined in the Quality Declaration of the `libyaml_vendor` package.
```
